'''

1.In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.

* ( Mathematical Operator)
&#39;hello&#39; (Expression)
-87.8 ( Values)
-( Mathematical Operators)
/ (Mathematical Operators)
+  (Mathematical Operators)
6   (Values)




2. What is the difference between string and variable?


String is a predefined class used 
where as vairable is the name given to memory loction where we store some kind of data.
In Short Vairable is to store anykind of information in memory location but string is type of information we are going to store.


3. Describe three different data types.

        There are many daatypes in python as follows:

            1.Integer: used to store numbers on both positive and negative 		values without fraction and Decimals and has no limit to store number.


            2. Float:  used to store numbers with fraction or decimals 			without limit.


            3. String Collection of characters stored in a single vairable 		and can have multiple syntax as follows

        'This is a String'
        "This is also a String"
        \'''This is also a String\'''



4.What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

      An Expression can be made up of multiple vairables ,methods,values and 	Mathematical Operators .
      All Expressions Evaluate and Return single value which will be the 		outcome of the Expression.



5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference 			between an
	expression and a statement?

    Assignment Statement will just assign some value to the Declared 			vairable
    while coming to difference between expression and satement 
    expression can contain multiple values and  will necessarily return on 		value as return type
    where as statement will assign values and will not necessarily return 		any values.


6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
    bacon = 22
    bacon + 1
    The Vairable bacon contain value 22



7.What should the values of the following two terms be?
    'spam'+'spamspam'
    'spam' * 3

    Answers are as follows:
    1. spamspamspam
    2.spamspamspam


8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?


    because Vairable name should not start with number , _ , or any other 		special characters so 100 is invalid whereas egg is a valid vairable.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
version of a value?

    The Functions used ar as follows

    1.int() gives the Integer version  of a value
    2. float() gives the floating-point numbe version of  a value
    3. str() gives the String version of a value.



10.Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I Have eaten ' + 99 + 'Burritos'

    The  error we get here is " only concatenate str (not "int") to str"
    because here we are concatinating 99(int) to string

    it can be solved as follows
    'I Have eaten ' + '99 ' + 'Burritos'









'''